Abstract: We are not aiming for producing templates at roundoff precision. I'd
          rather say just say that we are aiming to produce highly accurate
          templates.

Section 1.4: The word "on" is missing: "...which are thought to have raised
          “mountains” on their surface."

Section 1.5, after equation 1.1: Typo: Jacobean -> Jacobian.

Section 1.5, page 6: The equation for the Schwarzschild metric is still
          missing an equal sign.

Section 2.1, page 8: The B matrix is wrong. With psi being the first element
         of the state vector and rho being the second the 1 should be in
         the first row and second column.

Section 2.4, page 11: The initial data for Figure 2.1 is a gaussian in psi
         rho=0 and phi = the radial derivative of psi.

Section 2.4, page 11: The initial data for Figure 2.2 is sinusoidal. The
         initial data for rho and phi are set so that the sinusoid moves
         to the right. That is rho is set to the radial derivative of psi
         (your wording "...I have set the boundary conditions of phi equal to
         is incorrect. This is the initial condition). In addition the initial
         data for rho is non-zero as well as it has to be set so that only
         the right moving modes is present in the inital data.

Section 3.1.1, hyperboloidal coordinates bullet point: Omega is one at either
        of the boundaries between hyperboloidal regions and tortoise regions
        and go to zero at the horizon in the inner region and zero at scri+
        in the outer region.

Section 3.1.1, hyperboloidal coordinates bullet point: Typo: principle part ->
        principal part

Section 3.1.1, hyperboloidal coordinates bullet point: equation (3.10) is
        for both in- and outgoing waves in the outer hyperboloidal region.

Section 3.2: Typo: white space missing between "initially," and "there".

Section 3.2: As I replied to you by e-mail, we do this for code testing 
        purposes, to ensure that the wave equation is implemented correectly
        and that the different coordinates are taking correctly into account
        at the boundary between coordinate regions. If there are bugs we
        wouldn't get the right qnm frequencies and/or power law exponents for
        the tails.

Section 3.2.2, page 20: I wouldn't say t^{-(2 l+3)} matches best. Rather I 
        would say that t^{-(2 l+3)} is expected.

Section 4.1, page 23: Subtraction of the Detweiler-Whiting singular field does
        not cancel the source. It cancles the delta function.

Section 4.1, page 23: The approximation to the Detweiler-Whiting singular field
        is exact at the location of the particle, which is why it can cancel
        the delta function. It starts to deviate as soon as we move away from
        the particle location.

Section 4.1, page 23: I would place equation (4.6) just after the sentence
        that starts with "This leads to the definition of an effective
         source...".

Chapter 5, page 27: The problem is not discontinuities at the location of the
        particle (not the source; the source is extended). The current
        effective source is continuous but not differentiable (i.e C^0),
        leading to the field being C^2. However, that would be enough to
        destroy the exponential convergence of the DG scheme if derivatives
        were taken using information across the particle location.

Chapter 6, page 33: When back reaction is taken into account we evolve the
        mass and orbit (not acceleration) along with the field.

Chapter 6, page 33: The sentence "Diener and Warburton have implemented a
        preliminary simulation that uses initial conditions from the geodesic
        case to as a consistency check of the low order modes in the 
        self-consistent simulation." does not make sense from a grammar
        viewpoint. Please reformulate. Also The code uses the effetive source
        provided by Barry Wardell.

Section 6.1, page 34: I don't think you need the comment about our belief that
        this has been done before. This has certainly been done, but the
        details will probably not be in a paper, as they are trivial.

Section 6.2.1: I don't think you can come to the conclusion for the reason
        why the extroplation fails with 28 as the starting order by looking
        at figure 6.2. I think you'll have to look at the raw data instead
        of data with some value of f_inf subtracted.

Section 6.2.1, page 37: You write: "The values in Table 6.1 agree to seven
        digits, which is on the order of 10^14." with values of 2.4 10^-5 and
        7 digits of agreement that gives 10^-12.

Section 6.2.2, page 37: There is no Figure 6.6. Instead page 42 is empty.

Section 6.2.4, page 45: You mention trying to sum to l=24 instead which make
        it sound like the overall error estimate is based on this, i.e. when
        you refer to 6.11. However, 6.11 uses sums to l=30.

Section 7.1, page 50: Typo: cation -> caution.

Figure 7.4: The figure seem to be placed towards the right edge of the page.
        can you center it more?

Section 7.3: Please specify the values of lmin and lmax used in the main text.

Section 8.1, page 62: You do not yet really describe the difference between
        the "geodesic evolution" method and the self-consistent evolution
        method. Your statmeent that: "Because of a narrow bandwidth, finite
        bin sizes, and aliasing effects, it is difficult to evolve a gradual
        change in the orbit in the frequency domain." almost makes sense,
        but not quite and is not explaining the difference between the two
        methods. Here is a very short description of the difference (hopefully
        you'll absorb this written version bettern than my previous verbal
        versions):

        Frequency domain calculations of self-force can only
        be done for geodesic as they require strict periodicity. In order
        to do an evolution of the orbit, one then finds the change in orbital
        parameters using the self-force from the instantaneous tangent geodesic
        to the accelerated orbit. The self-force used is thus calculated (by
        the frequency domain code) under the assumption that the particle has
        been moving on that tangent geodesic for an infinite amount of time.
        Hence the evolution neglects the contribution to the self-force coming
        from the fact that the orbit was evolving in the past. In contrast
        in the time domain self-force code, we can perform self-consistent
        evolution, where we evolve the field and the orbit at the same time.
        The effective source takes into account the current accelerated
        motion and as we can extract the self-force at every timestep we
        always obtain as self-force that is consistent with the past evolution
        of the orbit. We therefore expect real physical differences between
        the 2 types of evolutions.

Section 8.1, page 62: In order to avoid confusion, it is probably better, when
        discussing the different ways of evolving the orbit to talk
        about the osculating orbits approach and direct integration of the
        geodesic equations. This will reserve "geodesic evolution" to mean
        the evolution based on geodesic self-force only.

Section 8.1, page 62: In direct integration of the geodesics, t is not
        oscillatory. The radial coordinate and time and radial components
        of the 4-velocity are oscillatory.

Section 8.1, page 62: The last sentence that starts with: "I will compare the
        osculating orbits approach with Niels..." seem to mix overall concepts
        of the "self-consistent" vs "geodesic" evolution with the method
        used to integrate the orbit under the influence of the back reaction.

Section 8.2, page 63: As mentioned above, use "direct integration of the
        geodesic equation" instead of "geodesic evolution".

Section 8.2.1,page 63: Same as above.

Section 8.2.2, page 64: Here you're talking about evolving from a tangent
        geodesic to another tangent geodesic in a self-consistent evolution.
        This is incorrect. In a self-consistent evolution (where the
        correct self-force is used at all times) the orbit is always an
        accelerated orbit.

Section 8.2.2, page 64: Same as further above: t is not oscillatory.

Section 8.2.2, page 64: We are already evolving the orbit with an acceleration
        so it does not make sense to say that the acceleration will be evolved.

Section 8.3, page 64: The comparison we want to do is between the
        self-consistent and geodesic evolutions. It shouldn't matter
        whethet direct geodesic integration or osculating orbits are used.
 
Section 8.3, page 65: The last statement in this section contradicts what
        you say earlier about comparing the self-consistent and geodesic
        evolution. I think it is possible to do this. True, there is still
        the instability issue, but I'm hopeful that a method to overcome this
        can be found.
