Title needs to be shortened.

Abstract: 

I don't think you can say that the C++ version of the code has provided an
independent verification of the Fortran code. You implemented exactly the same
overall algorithm.

No reason to mention Field, Hesthaven & Lau in the abstract.

You should say why you perform the Richardson Extrapolation. In fact you're
not performing a comparison with Warburton's, Diener's and Wardell's eccentric
orbit results. Rather you're trying to estimate the errors in the simulations.

The long term goal is to perform self-consistent evolutions that are accurate
enough to see differences with respect to geodesic evolutions.

Section 1.2:

First paragraph: If the small black hole is in an inclined orbit out of the
accretion disk plane, the black hole will have to cross the disk.

Second paragraph: What do you mean bu the "persistence of the initial
conditions in the system"?

Second paragraph: Is your timescale there in physical time or are you talking
number of periods? The second to last sentence indicates the first, while
the last sentence indicates the second.

Section 1.3:

Second paragraph: I wouldn't call it a principle that the small object has
mass.

Third paragraph: I wouldn't say "still due" as there was no scalar field in
the previous case.

Section 1.4:

First paragraph: GEO 600 is in Hannover, Germany not England and is run by
the Albert-Eisntein-Institute, a Max-Planck institute.

Last paragraph: A space is needed after the second period.

Last paragraph: ... with a NASA as a .... -> ... with NASA as a ...

Section 1.5:

You need to specify the you use geometric units with G=c=1.

I would write the Minkowski metric with indices down.

Bad notation for the Schwarzschild metric. The matrix is the Schwarzschild
(with indices down). So just write g_{\mu\nu} = Matrix.

Last sentence. The inverse is the metric with indices up.

Section 2.1:

You may want to remind the reader that the speed of light is 1 in the geometric
units.

Your final writeup of the equations is incorrect. B multiplies the state
vector. Not the time derivative of the state vector.

You could write down what A and B are in the case of the wave equation in
flat space.

Section 2.2:

It may be better to say the the the equations are discretized in space only
(leaving time derivatives) which converts the set of PDE's into a (very big)
set of ODE's in time. These are then evolved in time by a suitable ODE 
integrator.

Section 2.2.1:

The first sentence is formulated clumsily.

The third benefit you describle (power law convergence with decreasing element
size) is exactly the same for finite differencing. So it's not an advantage.

Finite differencing bullet point:

Your description of the size of the stencil and order is not correct.
1 point on each side gives 2nd order, 2 points gives 4th order, 3 points gives
6th order and so on...

Equation (2.8): This is in fact a forth order accurate derivative.

Discontinuous Galerkin bullet point:

There are n+1 interpolating polynomials. This number has to match the number
of nodes.

In this paper you don't need the details of equations (2.11), (2.12) and 
(2.13), as you're not providing enough details for the reader to understand
these equations anyway. Instead you can just say that calculating derivatives
is performed by multiplying the state vector by a derivative matrix. If you
want to talk about TNT and JAMA you can just say that constructing the
derivative matrix requires the inversion of a matrix. The way you mention
TNT and JAMA is currently inconsistent. You first say that we use them
and then say that the code was rewritten to not use them. Either you
state that you first tried these libraries and then discovered the threading
issue and had to rewrite the code (you'll then have to mention what you use
instead) or simply leave this out.

Regarding the description of the numerical flux, there is again either
too much detail or too little detail. A reader who does not know DG methods
do not have enough detail to understand how the flux works as there is no
coupling of Lambda and S to the characteristic decomposition of the wave
equations. If you don't give enough detail for a reader to really understand
it, you should leave it out and instead shortly describe it in words. You
don't even mention that the numerical flux is the only way for information
to pass from one element to another or why the DG method is able to handle
discontinuities located at element boundaries.

Section 2.2.2:

You can not write the RK scheme on one line. Use an eqnarray or something
like that to make it clear that there is multiple steps.

Section 2.3;

Refer to equation (2.4) to (2.6) when talking about evolution of the wave
equation in flat space-time. As far as I can see from Figure 2.1, you
set a Gaussian profile for psi, you set rho to zero and phi to the spatial
derivative of the Gaussian. This result in a profile that splits into
a left and a right going mode that superpose when they reach the periodic
boundary conditions. For the sinusoidal case (Figure 2.2), it looks like your
initial data is set up differently. I.e. you seem to set up initial data for
a mode traveling either to the left or to the right (from the plot it's
impossible to tell which).

Regarding errors, it is due to the periodic boundary conditions that we know
that the system should be the the same after one period. Hence we can
measure the errors by taking the difference between that data after one
period and the initial data. Once we know the pointwise error we can
calculate the L_2 error.

Figure 2.3 and 2.4: The title of the plot is incomplete.

Figure 2.4: The error seem to be super convergent. Does it actually
go as element size to the 5th power? This is possible if the symmetry
of the data makes some errors cancel.

Section 3.1:

Instead of talking about performing comparison studies for the scalar case,
rather say that we develop new numerical techniques using the scalar case
as a playground since it reproduces the important features of the
gravitational case without introducing the associated gauge complications.

Section 3.1.1:

I would rather say that the scalar wave equation can be written in short
form as equation(3.1) where \Box is the curved spacetime D'Alembertion
and that this reduces to the standard wave equation in a flat space-time.

After equation (3.2), g is the determinant of the metric (with indices
down) and not the inverse metric as you state.

Tortoise coordinates bullet point:

The horizon is not scri minus. The tortoise coodinates do not go to scri plus,
they go to spatial infinity.

Tortoise coordinates do not transform the radial coordinates. They can
be obtained from Schwarzschild coordinates by the radial transformation
you give in equations (3.5) to (3.8).

Equation (3.6): Why do you have G here. You're using geometric units with G=1.

Either before or after equation (3.5) to (3.8): mention that the unstarred
coordinates are the Schwarzschild coordinates.

Equation (3.9): double check this. The powers of the schwarzschild radius look
wrong to me. Also either use larger outer parenthesis (\left ( and \right )
to make matching these easier.

Hyperboloidal coordinates bullet point:

The first sentence: The "however" is not needed and only confuses the sentence.

In the outer region hyperboloidal coordinates are used in order to make the
outer boundary correspond physically to scri plus and place it at a
finite coordinate location. Scri plus is normally denoted by a scri I with
a plus superscript.

At the end of the first paragraph, the hyperboloidal transformation is
missing, or is this supposed to refer to the following paragraph.

Second paragraph: You mention the old time coordinate t_star but then
proceeds with using t in the next expressions.

Second paragraph: You have the inner and outer region light cone
relationships reversed.

Second paragraph: Omega is not what I would call a window function. 
It's just a function that has to satisfy that its one for r_star 
less than or larger than (depending on the region) some constant value
and monotonically goes to zero at the horizon or scri plus. I think
transition function is a better name.

Second paragraph: The tortoise coordinate does not get redefined. Rather
this is the definition of the computational coordinate rho in the hyperboloidal
region.

Equation (3.10): This is not the wave eqaution. Rather it's how the
principal part of the wave equation is expressed in the hyperboloidal
coordinates of either the inner or outer hyperboloidal region. In
addition this allows for both ingoing and outgoing waves. Finally 
it's formatted badly (use eqnarray).

Initial conditions and boundary conditions bullet point.

In section 3.1 you do mention an effective source for the C++ code so why
is there suddenly no source? I assume you describe initial conditions for
testing the code without a source.

The wording "allowed to fall into the black hole or radiate away its energy
to infinity" is bad. If you set up an initial data profile part of it will
fall in and part of it will go to infinity, whether you allow it or not.

Figures 3.1 to 3.3: It looks like this is data from the two first timesteps
rather than the initial data and the first full timesteps. Otherwise
why would the field itself grow by a factor of 2 between the inital time and
the first full timestep. Besides, the initial data for the field itself is
normally chosen to be zero when a guassian profile for the time derivative is
chosen.  

Your description of the boundary conditions are not correct. At the
boundary between the tortoise region and the hyperboloidal regions the
coordinate transformation is used when constructing the numerical fluxes
the the element boundary. However, this is not property a boundary condition
as it's not a boundary of the computational domain. As for the boundaries
at the horizon (not scri minus) and scri plus, setting the field to zero
would be wrong. Rather, due to the fact that there are no incoming modes
the use of characteristic fluxes mean that we don't need any outer boundary
conditions.

Section 3.2:

At this point you're testing the wave eqaution evolution without a source,
why do you talk about a plunge from the innermost stable circular orbit?
There is no particle here. Just say that any initial data profile will decay
through the 2 phases of quasinormal ringing and tail decay.

Section 3.2.1:

Only the fundamental quasi-normal mode was seen by LIGO. Berti's n=1 file
contains the fundamental mode not the first overtone. This needs to be changed
throughout the section.

The word 'ongoing' seems superfluous.

Except for an early phase where things settle down, once the quasinormal mode
phase is begun, both the real and imaginary part of the frequency (i.e. the
oscillatory and damping parts) are completely stable (at least until the tails
take over). The energy loss is precisely accounted for in the damping.

It's the l-value (not the m-value) that determines the frequencies for 
a Schwarzschild spacetime. The frequencies are exaclty the same for l=2, m=0
and l=2, m=2. Remember it's l that enters the potential term in the wave
equation.

Does figure 3.4 and 3.5 really show fits? Did you not just overplot the
quasinormal ringdown form with the frequencies from Berti and adjust the
amplitude and phase by hand?

3.2.2:

The quasinormal mode and tail decay are, as you say, both caused by 
backscattering. However, it's more a question about where, not when, the
backscattering occurs. Qusinormal mode ringing is produced near the peak
of the potential, while tails are produced at larger distances. Quasinormal
ringing in principle continues forever, however as it decays exponentially
eventually the tail (with the power law decay) dominates.

Your equations of the power law decay rates are not formatted correctly.
Use, e.g. $t^{-(2\ell +2)}$. Traditionally \ell is used instead of l in LaTeX.
The decay rate -(2 l+2) will happen if there
is a field present initially. The decay rate -(2 l+3) will happen if the
field is zero initially but the time derivative of the field is non-zero.
As you're using the latter you'd expect -(2 l+3) decay, which is what you
see in Figure 3.6 for l=1 (2*1+3=5, which is the power law decay indicated
by the green line).

4.1:

Please reword the sentence starting with "In the limit of an EMRI...". You
probably want to say something like: "For an EMRI system we can treat the
system as a particle in orbit around the big black hole (due to the large mass
ratio) but due to the finite mass of the small black hole we have to take into
account the back reaction caused by the small particles interaction with it's
own field (the self-force) that propagates on the static black hole backgroung
spacetime. But please use your own words.

Equation (4.3) is the wave equation with a point particle source. It's not
the "self force".

Your description of the retarded field is confusing. The fact that we always
use the retarded field is because we are interested in the system where there
are no incoming waves from the boundaries of the domain.

Your description of the effective source is incomplete and confusing.
You have to mention the \Psi^S is the Detweiler-Whiting singular field, to
which we know a Taylor expansion in distance away from the particle only.
You then have to say that the D'Alembertian acting on the \Psi produces
a delta function source that exactly cancels the delta function source in the
wave equation (the integral is missing in (4.6), which results in S_eff being
regular at the particle. You also have to mention that the effective source
is non-zero away from the particle due to the fact that we only know an
approximation to \Psi^S. This is then why we introduce the world tube
window function to make the source zero away from the particle (not inside
the window function as you write). Equation (4.7) simply states that the
self-force is the gradient of the regular field (if you change r to R) and
relies on a long an careful derivation. It's wrong to say that the self-force
can be derived from equation (4.7).

4.2:

The world tube is not a ring in 3-dimensions. It's a spherical shell.

We don't use spherical harmonics to increase the dimensionality of space.
Rather we convert a 3+1 dimensional problem to a number of 1+1 dimensional
problems (one for each l and m mode).

The paragraph on radiated energy does not belong in this section. Rather you should have a paragraph or two at the beginning of Chapter 4 where you describe
the physical system that you will look at. There you can say that this is
an unphysical code test where we continuously pump energy and angular momentum
into the system in order to offset the radiation losses.

4.3:

You have to describe what you're comparing. What is the system (scalar
particle on a circular orbit of radius 10M)? what are you plotting (seems
to be the field extracted at R=10M in a fixed direction as a function of time)?

In the captions repeat what is in the main text and also comment of the
scaling of the differences.

Why are there no differences plotted in Figure 4.4.

Chapter 5:

I wouldn't call eccentric orbit parameters a physical effect. Everybody knows
what eccentricity is, but most do not know the semilatus rectum. I probably
wouldn't mention either here, but just say that we need a way of describing
relativistic eccentric orbits. The details come in 5.1.

You say there is a need for a time dependent coordinate, but not why (we need
to keep the particle at an element boundary since the effective source have
limited smoothness). You also mention a coordinate transformation region
between tortoise layers. The region with the time dependent coordinate
transformation is betweem the hyperboloidal region (i.e. where for circular
orbits we had the tortoise region).

The paper you refer to by Field, Hesthaven and Lau do not use the
effective source approach. They use a distributional source and will
have to do mode sum regularization in order to get the self-force.
I don't think it's necessary to refer to it here unless you want to refer
to the time dependent coordinate transformation that we took from there.

5.1:

Your introduction of eccentricity an semilatus rectum is not clear. I would
rather start with the definition of the turning points (peri- and apapstron)
in terms of p and e (and state that this is in the tradition of celestial
mechanics in Newtonian Gravity). These can then be related, in the relativistic
case to the energy and angular momentum. Then also mention that the radial
period is different from the phi period due to relativistic precession
which can then lead to the introduction of Chi. You probably want to
include the equation that gives r(Chi). Note, unless back-reaction is turned
on w is constant (and we set it to zero), so for the purpose here, I'd leave
it out and replace Chi-w by Chi. Then you don't need to introduce \nu either.

5.2:

As mention earlier the reason we want to keep the particle coordinate location
fixed is due to the limited smoothness of the effective source, so we want it
always to be on an element boundary where this is not felt by the derivative
operator. We transform from tortoise coordinates to the time dependent 
coordinates so in essence the tortoise coordinate region gets replaced by
the time dependent coordinate region.

You write that the "space in its immediate neighbourhood evolves". This is
not correct. Spacetime is constant (Schwarzschild), only the coordinates evolve.

It is true that the time-dependent coordinate transformation has to be taken
into account when calculating numerical fluxes at the element boundary between
the hyperboloidal regions and the time dependent coordinate transformation, but
it's not correct that the boundary conditions gets enforced by the numerical
flux.

In the time dependent coordinate transformation, x is the tortose coordinate
and xi is the time dependent coordinate.

In equation (5.6), x_p(t) is a function of, while xi_p is constant.

I have not checked equation (5.7) but the formattion is somewhat screwy.

You don't need to subtract the singular field from the scalar field. The field
itself do not contribute to the fluxes. You only need to subtract the
derivatives of the singular field from the radial and time derivatives of the
scalar field. Of course they have to be appropriately transformed whenever
the coordinates on either side of the world tube are different. 

5.3:

Please specify the orbital parameters in the main text.

Looks more like you have a bit more than 6 radial orbits.

The DG order is irrelevant for geodesic orbits. The orbit is evolved
using the RK4 time integrator and do not need any information from the field
as the back reaction is turned off.

Figure 5.1 does not show the radius of the orbit. It shows the radial
coordinate of the orbit. The caption to Figure 5.1 need information about
orbital parameters

I don't understand the last part of your statement about 5.2: "...if it did
not precess, it would form an ellipse". It is an ellipse when you plot as
function of Chi, even though it precesses.

Regarding Figure 5.2 and 5.3: Can you make the plot region quadratic? As it is
now the eccentricity is exaggerated. 

I would not say that the periods of phi and chi are not synchronized. I would
just say that they are not the same.

5.4:

Figures 5.5, 5.6 and 5.7 obviously does not involve any fit as they show
the amplitude of individual modes, so the description here is wrong. Also,
you write nowhere which modes you are plotting. From looking at the plots it
looks like it's l=0 to 7. That information should be both in the main text as
well as the captions.

You may need to comment on why some modes start evolving smoothly and others
have a lot of noise before they setttle down.

6:

You don't write anything about why you do this. There should be a short
introduction describing the ideas and then the rest more detailed description
should be in a sub-section. This will also avoid having subsubsections numbered 6.0.1 and so on.

As you don't use Lagrange interpolation skip the paragraph where you desribe
it.

You can't refer to F_inf (sometimes you write F_{inf}, somethimes you write
F_{\infty}; make it consistent) before you define it. Move some of the 
motivation for why extrapolation should work and write down the expected
behaviour of the error at finite DG order early and as an equation of it's
own. You can then refer to that and argue that there are 3, unkowns so you
need 3 orders. That will lead naturally into a derivation of the extrapolation
scheme, which needs to be presented in a more clear way. For example don't use
h when you start out in the section using it for the element size. In the
current text you talk about a monotonically decaying self-force. This doesn't
make sense. The self-force is supposed to monotonically converge to a value;
not decay.  Also the sequence of equations (6.2) to (6.6) does not describe
the scheme without some words in between.

The long sentence describing why time interpolation should be reformulated
and potentially broken up into multiple sentences. The last part that states
that this is done so that the grid remains space-like within a full Runge Kutta
time-step is wrong. Different timesteps are used to keep evolutions Courant
stable.

You don't specify that alpha has to be positive for the solution to be
properly converging. Hence it's not clear from Figure 6.1 why h (again don't
use h for this) must be larger than 0.5. You also have to specify which values
of n1, n2 and n3 goes into the figure. Both in the main text and in the
caption. Don't plot it on such a wide scale. Plotting from -2 to 2 should be 
enough. what is yratio in the plot title?

You have to explain why some modes fail for different DG orders. Failures
at high DG order can be explained with roundoff error. At lower orders you
may have to explain it with not yet being in the convergent regime and higher
order errors may be important or, as we talked about, there are times
near apastron and periastron where we see some magnified roundoff noise,
presumable from some numerical cancellations in the effective source 
calculations.

In Table 6.1, don't use the code indices 0 to 6 for the starting orders; use 
the actual order.

Figure 6.2 shows data only in steps of 10M, yet the case you consider in more
detail is for t=632M which is not included in Figure 6.2. Also Figure 6.2 is
for l=3 while your example is for l=2. Please make sure that there is some
consistency.

In all the captions for Figure 6.3 to 6.5 you don't specify exactly
what you're plotting, namely the extracted self-force minus f_{\infty} as
determined by the indicated DG orders. Also here use the actual starting order
instead of i=1 to 3. Finally you have not explained in the main text what the
behaviour should be in the case of nice convergence.

In the caption to Figure 6.5 you say l=3, while the plot title says l=2.


